# canvas-javascript-bulkAccessDataReport
Userscript designed to generate a CSV of all Access Data for a course or entire term.

#### Table of Contents
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [How-To Use](#how-to-use)
- [Important Notes](#important-notes)

#### Credits
The original JavaScript was published by [James Jones]([https://community.canvaslms.com/people/msgarcia](https://community.canvaslms.com/t5/user/viewprofilepage/user-id/105160))'s course-wide version posted to the [Canvas community]([https://community.canvaslms.com/groups/canvas-developers/blog/2017/04/20/universal-student-view-button-for-teachers](https://community.canvaslms.com/t5/Higher-Ed-Users/Obtaining-and-using-Access-Report-data-for-an-entire-course/ba-p/264333)). This userscript is a completely different script that expands the behaviour of the original to the term-level, but if you like this I highly encourage you to give James a like for the original.

[Back to Top](#canvas-javascript-bulkAccessDataReport)

#### Changelog
02/21/2025
- Initial Load

[Back to Top](#canvas-javascript-bulkAccessDataReport)

#### Dependencies
- Userscript Manager
  - [Tampermonkey (Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en)
  - [Tampermonkey (Firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/)
  - [Greasemonkey (Firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)

[Back to Top](#canvas-javascript-bulkAccessDataReport)

#### How-To Use
1. Load the userscript to your Userscript Manager of choice
2. Enable the userscript
3. From a the `Terms` list page (/accounts/:id/terms):
   1. Click the `Analytics` icon that appears next to the `Edit` and `Delete` icons for the term you want to generate the report for
   2. Wait for the progress bar in the modal to fill-up (it reflects how many courses from the term it has retrieved the data for)
   3. When the progress bar has filled, click the now enabled `Download` button on the modal to download a CSV with the compiled report for the entire term
   4. Click the `Close` button on the modal to return to the term list
4. From a course `People` list page (/courses/:id/users):
   1. Click the `More Options` button in the top-right corner of the main page
   2. Click the `Access Report Data` button on the dropdown menu
   3. Wait for the progress bar in the modal to fill-up (it reflects how many users from the course it has retrieved the data for)
   4. When the progress bar has filled, click the now enabled `Download` button on the modal to download a CSV with the compiled report for the entire term
   5. Click the `Close` button on the modal to return to the term list

[Back to Top](#canvas-javascript-bulkAccessDataReport)

### Important Notes
1. Clicking the `Cancel` button at any time will "wipe" any already retrieved data. If you start the report again, it will need to start from scratch. This is to prevent excessive RAM usage and ensure the reports are generated with the most current data available.
2. This report is entirely API-based. While at the course-level it will run relatively quickly, running against an entire term will take time, especially if it's a large term. So long as you leave the browser window open and don't click the `Cancel` button, it will continue building the report.
3. The generated CSV was setup to mirror the original report generated by James' version. With regards to the result, the only "real" difference is that this version adds the ability to run against an entire term.
4. Unlike James' version, there are no roles restrictions placed on this. It will pull all data for all users enrolled in the courses. As compensation for this, the role data has been added to the report, so it will be easy to filter via importing the CSV to a spreadsheet program.

[Back to Top](#canvas-javascript-bulkAccessDataReport)
